# resume
Hi,My name is Wang, Yung-Shang(You can call me Conor for short).
<br/>
I am previously from Dulles High School. Besides the main course,I have taken many courses such as computer science AP(java),statistics,calculus pre ap, and physics ap,which have prepared me to cooperate with others in World Wide Web. 1.work with others efficiently and courteously: I am always dynamic and proactive in school. Moreover, I was not only active in the high school but also a participant in social service group. I joined a vulnerable group institution to improve the lives of underprivileged children around the world. The experience brought me into contact with societies and helped me improve my social skills when interacting and communicating with people. This experience also taught me how to work with people efficiently. 2.English Learning Environment: In order to orient the all English-speaking environment , I enforced myself to engage native american in conversation and to attend diversified language programs to be familiar with the language. In addition, Racial discrimination is prohibited in school. So I believe I will never treat others with any racism. 3.Familiar with foreign habits and preferences: New York, California, Houston are currently the three largest development city in the United States. In addition, Mexico is neighboring country of Houston. Therefore, I know people from all over the world. I have also been to many computer software exhibit from all over the world to understand different style of the exotic. Please let me know if there’s anything I can do to help. 4.languages: i use both windows and manjaro(linux) system to learn scratch , java , python and pytorch.I plan to learn django and twinker in the future. 5.Experiences: I am acquainted with properly basic Tensor,conda,jupyter notebook,ipython,arraylist, os,shutil, ast, sqlite, requests, urllib, re, BeautifulSoup, hashlib, selenium, matplotlib, bokeh, pytube,facebook-sdk ...etc. Also, I have enough patience and passion, I can run errands for others. I am hard-working and capable of overcoming adversity. 6.I love Taiwan: Yes,I love Taiwan!!It is very important to mentioned this in my autobiography. In my free time in America, I would read Taiwanese newspaper and read books from Kingstone leader board. These formed visions of future of myself going back to Taiwan. I'm so excited to work and learn the professional knowledge and service attitude of Taiwan's World-renowned program industry. If you have any questions or concerns, please let me know. I am very enthusiastic about the possibility of joining your team and look forward to speaking to you again in the future. If you need any further information, please do not hesitate to contact me.
